Added Azure.APIM.MultiRegion (#1884)
Azure/PSRule.Rules.Azure: docs/en/rules/Azure.APIM.MultiRegion.md

---
severity: Important
pillar: Reliability
category: Resiliency and dependencies
resource: API Management
online version: https://azure.github.io/PSRule.Rules.Azure/en/rules/Azure.APIM.MultiRegion/
---

# Multi-region deployment

## SYNOPSIS

API Management instances should use multi-region deployment to improve service availability.

## DESCRIPTION

Azure API Management supports multi-region deployment. Multi-region deployment provides availability of the API gateway in more than one region and provides service availability if one region goes offline.

This feature is currently only available for the Premium tier of API Management.

## RECOMMENDATION

> Consider to use multi-region deployment to improve service availability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider deploying an API Management service across multiple regions to improve service availability.
```

> Azure API Management supports multi-region deployment, which enables API publishers to add regional API gateways to an existing API Management instance in one or more supported Azure regions. Multi-region deployment helps reduce request latency perceived by geographically distributed API consumers. It also improves the service availability if one region goes offline.

Author: I agree. I'll change the description to lean more towards reliability.
